Glossary:
Home
About 
Contact Us
Log In
Register
Forum

Home:
The homepage contains basic information about the website and displays the purpose, reasons, and the pitch for the project.
In the navigation bar, you are able to access the Log In and Register pages to either sign into your existing account or create a new one.
There is also a button at the bottom of the page that allows you to directly access the login page instead of using the navigation bar.

Register:
In order to create an account for the website, users must have a drexel email (@drexel.edu), a first name longer than 1 character, a password
at least 7 characters long, matching confirmation passwords, and an email that does not have an account already linked to it. Enter in your first name, last name, email, and a password along with a matching confirmation password in this respective order, and your account will be created if you meet all previously-stated criteria.

Login:
To login, users must enter a valid email that's been registered and the matching that was created with it. User will be reprompted every time they provide an invalid email and/or password. Users cannot login to the website without using a registered account with an email and corresponding password.

About:
The About Us page has general information about all the developers of the website. There's not much functionality relavant to the objective of the website. Users will see a button when they get to the bottom of the page to scroll up, but there's no other activity other than reading information.

Contact Us:
To send suggestions or questions to the developers of the website, users must input their first name, last name, email, and whatever information they'd
like to send to the developers. When they press submit, their information along with their message will be emailed to an account where developers can read feedback.

Forum:
To navigate through the forum, users will see a list of the majors that contain co-ops that submissions fall under. When the user clicks on the major,
they will be brought to a new page with a list of the co-ops that fall under that major category. When the user clicks on a co-op, they'll be brought
to the deepest page with a list of reviews along with the users who posted those submissions. Here, users can read the review, upvote, downvote, or comment on the submission. To submit a review,
